Add Breadcrumbs (#6758)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/breadcrumbs-next/usage.mdx

---
title:
  $ref: ./#/title
layout: DetailComponent
sidebar:
  exclude: true
data:
  $ref: ./#/data
---

## Using the component

> Use `BreadcrumbsNext` with `BreadcrumbNext` items to show a user's current location within a hierarchy. The parent renders the navigation landmark, ordered list, separators, collapse controls, and current item behavior.

Reviewer: This usually is when to use when not to use

## Content

- Keep breadcrumb labels concise and descriptive. Labels should match the destination or current page closely enough to make sense out of context.

> - Keep the visible trail concise. Aim for no more than four visible levels, and use `maxItems` to collapse lower priority levels in deeper hierarchies.

Reviewer: This isn't really "content" guidance

Author: kept the first sentence, removed the four visible leve one, resolve pls if fine

- Use contextual labels when they help users understand their current task, such as "Edit profile" instead of "Profile".
- Shorten or combine low value levels only when the resulting trail still explains the user's location.

> - Do not make the current page a link. `BreadcrumbsNext` renders the current item as text when it is marked with `current`, or when it is the final item.

Reviewer: Neither is this

## Import

> To import `BreadcrumbsNext` and `BreadcrumbNext` from the lab Salt package, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import `BreadcrumbsNext` and related components from the lab Salt package, use:
```

```js
import {
  BreadcrumbNext,
  BreadcrumbNextLabel,
  BreadcrumbNextTrigger,
  BreadcrumbsNext,
} from "@salt-ds/lab";
```

> If you need to customize the separator icon, also import `SemanticIconProvider` from the core Salt package:

Reviewer: We shouldn't include semantic icon provider here
